sister have you considered the
seriousness of what you're doing yes
sister
is there nothing we can do nothing on
this fateful autumn day the nun called
sister Luke under special and
extraordinary circumstances was released
from all her vows she took leave of her
convent forever because in her own words
she was no longer a nun only afterwards
did she reveal to the world her truly
remarkable and very personal story this
is that story
as a book the nuns story swiftly became
the most gripping and dramatic
bestseller of this decade now a
tremendous motion picture it Pierce's
deep into the fascinating secrets of a
seldom if ever seen world deeper into
the pageant and violence of the teeming
African Congo and deepest of all into
the conscience of a young and beautiful
girl you will be assisting dr. fortunati
he is a genius and the devil and
remember he is also a man a bachelor and
I'm afraid an unbeliever turned
everything for an instant sister that
your habit will protect you you will
search your memory in vain for motion
picture excitement and entertainment to
compare it with there is no evil there
has never been a motion picture like the
nuns story
Tribble do you good and meeting father
mullerian will too
religion hasn't made him tense and
disciplined but none is a disciplined
person yes but not necessarily tense as
a surgeon it's not my business of prayin
to the mind but I'd say that tension is
the sign of an exhausting inner struggle
do you realize every time you make me
talk to you like this I should go down
on my knees before my sisters and
proclaim my fault
you